he turn out to be a rare weekend of good
news for the President of the United
States the molar report has been
delivered after all the accusations of
it being a witch-hunt robert muller and
his 13 angry democrats did not come to a
conclusion of collusion that according
to trump's newly appointed attorney
general no one else has actually seen
the mauler report this even Trump's team
hasn't seen at all yet but going from
the summary the Attorney General
released this weekend there will be no
new charges and now the process of
tearing our country even further apart
can finally begin professor the course
was very excited he took his celebration
to Twitter he wrote no collusion no
obstruction complete and total
exoneration Keep America great that's
right complete he learned to spell
exoneration and tolerance
except for this from Robert Fuller who
wrote while this report does not
conclude that the president committed a
crime it also does not exonerate him I
bet Trump didn't even make it to the end
of that sentence you did while this
report does not conclude the president
committed a crime okay I'm done now I've
got back all I know is I haven't been
this confused about an ending
since the series finale of lost I really
don't know it's kind of funny though
half of America is upset that our
president didn't collude with Russia
seems like we should probably be happy
about that didn't we I didn't we really
all deep down didn't we know Trump
probably didn't collude with Russia
because he could never pull that off and
even if he did collude it probably would
have been by accident Putin wanted him
in there and did what he had to do
basically Trump got in the White House
the same way Lori Loughlin got her kid
into USC
and with that said make no mistake this
was a big Lee victory for the president
and there was much celebration in the
Trump camp last night I hear Kellyanne
Conway drank the blood of an entire goat
last night the only way Trump could be
happier with this mullah report is if a
porn star rolled it up and spanked them
with it
take down that spam and hopefully
somebody's gonna be looking at the other
side so it's complete exoneration no
collusion no obstruction thank you very
much thank you and now if you'll excuse
me I'm off to visit my campaign manager
in prison so far as a result of this
investigation 37 people and entities
have been charged with a total of 199
criminal counts and five people have
been sentenced to prison before the
president who cares he was off to the
golf course to play golf with his
favorite kid that being Kid Rock who
posted this incredible photo to Twitter
sorry Betsy Ross those are the kind of
pants you wear to get shot out of a
cannon this photo to me looks like a
billboard for a sitcom about a used car
salesman who has to move into his dad's
nursing home after a messy divorce you
know the country is nuts when the
president spends the weekend hanging out
with Kid Rock it's not even close to the
being the lead story but the president
is feeling very magnanimous today after
all the things he said about Robert
Mahler today said he thinks Muller acted
honorably he also said it wouldn't
bother him at all if the Attorney
General releases the full molar report I
think he said that about his taxes too
and what so we'll see this is a weird
one you know Campbell news was really
scrambling this week and they've been
waiting two years for this report and so
it was probably no coincidence the
Attorney General dropped the story
Friday night after everyone went home
from work but this was a tweet from CNN
the caption says on the evening Robert
Muller submitted his report to the
Justice Department President Trump was
on the tiled patio of mar-a-lago bathed
in golden light with his wife and son
Barron
who had reached teenager hood two days
earlier
who's writing their tweets judy blume so
Sarah huckleberry Sanders bathed in the
golden light of the Today show this
morning she sat down for a little yell
at Savannah Guthrie the president has
absolutely eviscerated Bob Muller didn't
robert muller deserve better from the
president than this kind of language and
behavior frankly I think the American
people deserved better they didn't
deserve for the election of this
president to try to be wait a minute but
the president's rhetoric about a public
servant doing a job are you kidding
the president's rhetoric matches they
are literally the media and Democrats
have called the president an agent of a
foreign government we're talking if that
is an accusation equal to treason which
is punishable by death in this country
off with Chuck Schumer's head vegetable
by Death calm down King Joffrey
nothing's punishable by death
all the White House attack dogs are out
today the president's Vice pootle of
Mike Pence spoke at AIPAC this morning
where he gave the results of the Mullen
report some historical spin yesterday
was a great day for our country our
president and every American who
cherishes the truth look at how look at
how bummed he is he is so disappointed
right now he's like I could have been
president now all I have left is a space
force and as if Trump didn't have enough
to celebrate
Michael avenatti the former lawyer for
stormy Daniels was arrested and charged
with multiple crimes today the day app
he was charged by prosecutors in New
York in California with extortion and
wire and bank fraud
he's accused of trying to extort 25
million dollars from Nike and embezzling
money from a client he also allegedly
used fake tax returns to get millions of
dollars in loans from a bank here's what
my hope on this whole thing I hope he
hires Rudy Giuliani to represent him
wouldn't that be fun
but really is astonishing the day after
Trump skates on collusion Michael
avenatti is arrested I mean all I have
to do now is replace the bald eagle with
a fried chicken this will be the best
week of the president's life thanks for
watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed